Rory Sutherland says there's like three types of innovation.
There's faster horses, and then there's teleportation.
Like you want it to exist, you don't know how to get there,
but if I tell you you want teleportation,
you want teleportation, everybody wants teleportation.
And then there's like Japanese toilets.
For me, the things I'm like wandering around
and trying to find are the Japanese toilets of AI.
I am looking for mostly new experiences,
things that surprise you with the place that they're playing.
Hey, it's Dan, we're going to get to the episode in a moment,
but I wanted to share with you one thing before we do.
I think that writing is the most important skill in the AI age.
Now that you can code in English,
the line between a writer and a builder is blurring.
And I think in a war like that,
the most important thing you can learn to do
no matter what your job is, is learn to tell great stories.
That's why I want to tell you about how to write with AI.
It's a course you put on at every led by our lead writer,
Evan Armstrong.
It's a four week course designed to teach you everything
you need to know to write incredible things with AI.
We go through all of the latest technology,
including chat to BT, Claude, and some of our internal incubations,
like Spiral and Lex, to give you a powerful toolkit
to tell amazing stories.
The course starts February 13th,
and early bird access ends this Friday, January 24th.
So if you want to save $300 off list price,
grab your spot at rightwithai.xyz,
and now onto the episode.
Neville, welcome to the show.
Good to be here.
So for people who don't know, you are a partner at Spark Capital.
That's right.
You've made a bunch of impressive investments,
including in Cruz Discord.
A very recent one is Grenola.
And before we start, you said something,
which I didn't know about you, which is your investing strategy
is not prolific.
You only do a couple a year.
Why is that?
First of all, I just think that, so I was a founder before,
becoming an investor.
And I found that I had no horror venture capital stories
that sometimes investors have, or entrepreneurs have.
But I also basically had a bunch of noops.
I had investors that were fine and great board members
and maybe offered a random piece of advice.
But weren't in the muck enough and in the nuance
enough to give good feedback, because they
were investing in 15,000 things.
What does noops stand for?
No opposition?
Yeah, they were just fine.
It was like, there are no damage.
I don't have a horror story.
It did no harm.
But it was also like, would the company have been exactly
the same if they were not there, probably.
And I just, there's a thing on our website
that I think we collectively believe at Spark,
which is that there aren't really any startup playbooks.
I think as a founder, you're doing something super unique
with every, so you probably already believe
there's really no playbook for what you're trying to do.
But generally, every single journey is unique
and all the devils and the details.
And so I think for me, the proxy is if you're a startup CEO
or running a small org, you can manage
like eight or nine direct reports where you kind of understand
everything they're doing and outside of that,
it starts to, the edges get fuzzy.
And it's just the same thing.
Like I want to work with eight or nine or 10 companies
really closely, as much as a founder really wants me around
and I go away if it's not.
And so you try and make the rest of the math work
and like construct life about the way you want to live
and then see if you can make it work
versus letting somebody's financial or business model
force you into working or what you don't want to work.
I like that.
I mean, I think it's, it takes some balls.
It's better than like, I think obviously the sort of
spray and prey like small checks and a lot of things
like that, that's a well-draught strategy.
But I think taking enough risk to be concentrated
and to actually call your shot is, I think it's quite cool.
Well, it's not deep, spray and prey even on the front end.
I mean, basically the whole venture capital industry
since I joined, I've been to this for a little over decade now,
is basically doing that at both ends of the spectrum, right?
You've got the, I'm gonna write 100K checks
into a million things and then you have the, well,
if I raise $100,000,000 that I can own a proxy
of the whole market firms, which is like a lot of our peers
that started around the same time.
We did, that's been their strategy
to mitigate risk over time.
And I'm like, look, the whole point of this thing is risk,
like accept the risk and like go do the work you want
to do with good people.
That is interesting.
Something about what you said about doing something unique,
triggered something for me, I think you'd have good thoughts
on this, which is I feel like I've been grasping for words
for how to describe whatever it is for a while recently.
Yeah.
And I think that that's a really interesting place to be
because like we're doing something that's working
and there isn't yet a word for it.
The closest thing I've come up with is multi-modal media company.
And what was the other idea you had a little while ago
that was not good?
The malleable media.
That's terrible.
Meta-media.
Multi-modal media is my,
but there's a lot of M's in it, which is a problem.
So like it's multi-modal publishing maybe?
I don't know, we're working on it.
But like the point is we publish writing,
we publish videos, we publish podcasts,
and we publish software.
But that's of the time, right?
Publishing software is a lot closer to publishing articles
in 2025.
Exactly.
Then it was 10 years ago, right?
And that's new, you're newly able to do that, right?
Yeah, so like there's not really a word for it.
So I'm trying to like figure that out.
But there's this interesting thing where like I'm realizing
that working on something that I don't have a word for
is actually like really valuable and really cool,
especially because it's starting to work.
But then there's also this trap that I think you can get into.
Sometimes I've definitely fallen into this too,
where it's like you think you don't have a word for it,
but there is actually a word and it's been done a lot
before, and you can't fool yourself.
Do you have an exact example of that in your head?
I don't have like a specific example off the other hand.
But like, I don't know, when we started every, for example,
we were like, oh, like this kind of media company
has never been done before.
We wanted to be a bundle of different newsletters.
And it's like, it's a magazine.
A bundle of these letters is a magazine.
Yeah.
And so like, and yeah, there were some things
that were different about it, but like about a year or two
and we realized that all of the complexity
that we had built into the model didn't need to be there.
And it was just like, it was just a newsletter, basically,
and the way the newsletter worked was sort of like a magazine.
That's the tension though, and anything new,
which is like, of course it proxies to something
that's pre-existing.
Of course it proxies something, but if you then adhere,
once you did something change in you,
we start calling it a newsletter,
because that's also a trap.
Like the early days of, we were an early investor
in Postmates, and back in this on-demand land,
you had Postmates in Uber and DoorDash and Lyft,
and you know, the Twitter Roddy looks at that
and is like, you know, that's just a delivery company.
That's the same thing as a taxi company.
And yet, if those founders had internalized that
and just been like, yeah, we're just a taxi company.
In fact, you just wouldn't have done,
like you wouldn't have done any of the things
that you ended up doing over time.
And so, I don't know, I think definitions really matter.
If you're doing something new,
which I think you are trying to grasp
or something new right now, I would like find
the weird words that are capturing
that essence inside of you, right?
I think for me, like actually calling us a newsletter
was quite freeing because it was like,
we were doing all this complicated stuff
to not just be a newsletter,
and then once we just like dropped it,
and it was just like, no, it's just a newsletter,
and like it's a bunch of creative people writing stuff,
and like we're gonna do interesting stuff.
We just, you know, we don't know what it is yet,
but for now we're just gonna write
because that's what we love to do.
That was like, that was really helpful
because I think what's been quite important for me
entrepreneurially is to start to be really comfortable
with like whatever it is that I authentically believe
and want to do as opposed to like triangulating
between like what I believe in what I think will sound okay
and like what I think I can justify basically,
and I think like being able to say,
no, it's a newsletter and I'm like gonna write a lot
is like was an expression of that.
It's like that's what I wanna do,
and everything else is like flowed from that,
and then we found some new stuff that we're doing
that is like, oh, I can't really describe what this is,
but it's really cool, and there's like this creative
soup happening, and I'm like really excited, so fun.
So yeah, I obviously like in entrepreneurship
in general, like there are no hard and fast rules,
like sometimes you don't wanna call yourself a newsletter
because like that ruins the like,
you wanna find the magical thing,
but you don't wanna like force it.
Yeah, and the irony of this conversation is like,
what you're doing to find what you really wanna do
is a little bit rooted in the past,
but also this awkward new thing you're now trying to describe,
and then like what I found that I really wanna do
is also anachronistic, but because it's the old way
venture capital used to be.
Like I just wanna invest in hand full of companies
and work really close to those founders
in a smallish firm where I trust my partners,
we all work together on something,
he knows only seven of us on the venture team at Spark,
and like that was how Sequoia was 40 years ago,
and it worked well, it's just not the way
people are building firms today.
Yeah, what does that like do?
Like now that the ecosystem is like these gigantic
mega funds that look at like seed investing
as like loss leaders for like big growth rounds,
you know, like how are you thinking about how that changes,
or if it seems like it doesn't really change
what you're doing, but like how does it affect your approach?
I mean, we're still good,
like I think an important start of this,
if we're still good citizens with all of these players as well,
right, you end up co-investing with people.
I really wanted you to shit on them.
I know, I was like, I must hold back slightly from now.
It is not a, I think those firms are a viable strategy,
I think they are a different product,
and as long as a founder understands
what product they're buying,
then I'm super happy with all of them existing
in the ecosystem.
I think the things that make me frustrated
is when I'm in a conversation,
sometimes with a current founder,
like I'm on the board of this company,
they're going out to race.
So never mind, I'm competing with them.
Like they're going out to race a series B or a series C,
and the stories they're being told by investors
about what the product is without going through the whole,
it's just like not entirely truth.
You cannot be investing five times a month
and operating out of a $10 billion fund
and get anything more than a random phone call
every four years on a thing.
And there are firms that are very good at being transparent
about what this is, the transactional relationship,
you get the money and you run away.
I think actually Founders Fund is very good
at being very honest about this.
And there's lots of people that do a lot of
storing around what they're selling.
So as long as people know what they're buying
and what they're selling, it's fine.
We sell a different thing.
And some Founders, that's really important,
and it's wonderful, and they want that process
and some don't.
You have a connection, a kismet with anybody,
or you don't, and we work on those things.
That makes sense.
Well, I want to talk about one of your latest investments,
which is granola, which is one of my favorite AI products.
And I think it's becoming one of everybody's favorite AI
products.
We've had Chris on the podcast.
We have Chris wrote an article for every year
that did really well, it's really amazing stuff.
I think he's super talented.
What did you see in that when you invested?
Well, when did you invest?
Was it before they had the product they have now or is it after?
So I've known Chris for over a decade.
Chris was a founder of a company called Socratic.
Back in the day, kind of like previous AI generation.
And that was actually a Spark portfolio company.
And so he's been part of the family for a really long time.
And his first attempt at making this
was, as you'll talk about now, was a little bit of a misfire.
So he got to notes as a canonical thing
that you can work on.
But it was very interruptive.
And the use flow without going through it all
just wasn't the thing.
It was like the place to play, but not the thing.
And so I hung out with a bunch at C that we played and talked
about product and looked at early prototypes and so and so forth.
For us, it just wasn't over the line.
And so he did raise a seed from somewhere else.
And then we just, you know, you connect with certain people.
And so we just kept in touch.
And then probably about four or five, six months,
something like that.
After the seed, he stumbled into what is now granola.
As soon as you play with that, if you have any taste or product
sense, you're like, oh, this is the thing.
Yeah, it's great.
Well, let's go.
And so we then catalyzed around really quickly at that point.
And that was a big round, right?
I don't know what big is.
It was like 20 million, right?
Yeah.
That's pretty big.
It was the thing that felt so unique.
And I know you're somebody that, like I listen to your podcast,
we've caught up a bunch.
I know you're somebody that struggles with as well is like,
there's a, I don't know, Rory Sutherland says there's like three types
of innovation in his like canonical way of talking about the world,
which is like, there's, there's faster horses.
And there's like, which is like, obviously,
like just make the thing go faster.
And, and, and then there's teleportation,
which is like this thing that you don't know should,
like you want it to exist.
You don't know how to get there.
But if I tell you you want teleportation,
you want teleportation.
Everybody wants teleportation.
Should we have a colony on Mars?
Be awesome.
Like, I don't know how we're going to do that.
That's it.
And then there's like Japanese toilets.
Which is like, nobody, you didn't know you needed Japanese toilets in your life
until the first time you got to Japan.
And then you're like, walk out of the toilet.
You're like, why isn't this everywhere?
How have I been missing this my whole life?
And it's not even that complicated.
And that's Skunola.
Yeah, yeah.
Like, it's this thing.
It's not like the execution is actually really subtle.
It's really hard.
But I think for me, the things I'm like wandering around and trying to find
are the Japanese toilets of AI.
Like, the faster horses are mostly what's getting funded.
It's mostly what's come out of this B2B sass, big industrial machine
that we have in venture capital is churning out startups after startups
and incubator after incubator.
And most of that stuff is fine.
And it'll also be arbitrage out of existence in four years and who cares.
And so mostly you're looking for new expi, I am looking for mostly
new experiences, things that surprise you with the place that they're playing.
And so for me when I use Grinola, you're like, oh, this is so intuitive.
It's like the 50th thousandth AI note taker.
Like, did the world need another AI note taker?
I was like, yes, except I didn't want to use any of those other AI note takers.
When Fireflies joins my Zoom meeting, I'd never let it in.
Oh, the anger.
The needy and anger.
Yeah, and where is this just like, no, just basically looks like Apple notes.
And it's just going to like append a little, a little extra to the things
that you took notes on and make you a little smarter along the way.
Yeah, it's brilliant.
How do you think you become someone who makes a Japanese toilet?
You know, like versus a faster horse, you know, like there's something,
I was talking to Chris about this, like something about like the way that he looks
at or thinks about the soul of a product and the way his intuition works and all that
kind of stuff.
And I'm kind of curious, I assume you've invested in other people that have that same
kind of archetype.
Like, what have you learned about that?
Yeah, there's a similar journey to Andrew Mason, a script.
There's a similar journey to an investment that was just announced recently called Wordware.
They have a similar milieu, which is very different from, you know, I would say,
a Kyle vote at Cruz, that that's an example, like that's a teleportation, the pitch.
That's like self-driving cars, like amazing, probably impossible.
Can you do it?
Like that's a very different kind of pitch.
What are the habits of those kinds of founders or what are the journeys that they're on?
I would say that the remarkable thing that comes out about a person like that usually comes
out when they're talking about how they got to whatever solution that they're talking
about.
Yeah, I'm trying to, like, what is the right answer here?
What's the authentic answer here?
Why is Chris or Andrew really special?
I'm trying to think about this through the lens of when those kinds of founders come
into our firm.
You can feel it in the room.
It's not just me, like the whole team, and this is partially because we cast for these types
of people, but like the whole firm, like rallies pretty quickly.
And so what are the patterns in that pitch?
It's usually that they are telling you insightful reasons why they put things into the product
that you would have never normally thought of from customer development calls.
Okay.
So it's like some combination of storytelling and attention to small details in a way
that, like, levels up into something that all makes sense together.
Yeah, there's some connectivity between the choices a person made in the product that
like you can feel and some insight about a customer.
Like if they're listening very, very closely to the behavior of what's happening.
And so in Chris's case, it's just noticing, for instance, the very first version of
granola was a tab complete, almost like copilot, right?
So you type a couple of words in and you type tab and it starts filling out.
Seems actually kind of magical when you first look at it.
It's like, but if you just like listen to yourself closer, if you're self aware enough
closer, especially if you're the user of the product and you're your own customer, you
just realize, like, I'm kind of like super distracted in this meeting because every time
I press tab, like, it fills out things and it makes an error and then I want to correct
the error.
And now I'm not paying attention.
I'm like, no, I contact.
It's like, not why I'm on this Zoom call, like, it's that.
And so that little, I don't even, it's not brilliance.
It's not, it's not even creativity in the like, in the like, canonical definition of creativity
where you come up with 15,000 ideas and it's more like investigation or like a word that's
going to mind as like sensitivity, like you're sensitive to what's actually going on.
You're like, got your hands like all in the, in the milieu and you can kind of like feel
the changes in the weather pattern or something like that.
Yep.
Yeah.
It's like the spectrum scale is like how kinetic, how much kinetic energy do you have because
you have to move very fast, right?
But we all know people that like are just all course power.
Like they're just kinetic energy.
They're the people that are like, I want to start a startup.
And the way I'm going to start a startup is I'm going to come up with a new business
plan every single day for the next three months until I find the right thing.
And I'm going to push it like that.
And that's good kinetic energy without a lot of sensitivity.
They are trying to plow through the problem.
They are very, very uncomfortable with fog of war, with like wandering in the wilderness
to find the thing.
So the opposite spectrum is sensitivity.
And the problem is that sometimes if you go too far in the sensitivity side, then you're
the artist who is just like has absolute like analysis paralysis.
You just think and think and think and think and think and think and it's just too slow.
Your iteration cycle is too slow.
And again, you're trying to solve by listening closely that fog of war, like you're trying
to just listen to every single animal in the forest to figure out how to track it before
you walk in.
And so it's this like, I think those types of founders you're trying to sense for are
they have a pro nation to movement.
They will move, but they will move while still listening.
I love that.
That's beautiful.
Tell me about word wear because I have a feeling that there's something very spiritually
aligned between word wear and whatever it is that I'm doing.
Really?
Yeah.
So I'm not diving into word wear until you start answering that.
What do you mean?
Well, I've been thinking a lot about like, okay, what does it mean to be like a multi-modal
publishing company, media company like that kind of thing?
And the way that I've been thinking about it is, as you can start to code in English,
writing is building.
And I think the opposite is true, like building becomes like at every, it informs all of
the writing that we do.
So there's this sort of feedback loop and usually in most organizations, you have builders
over here and writers over here, or they're in totally separate organizations.
And in every, there's a lot, a lot of overlap because all of our EARs, everyone that works
at every, they write articles, they don't just write articles, they write code by like
writing prompts.
And so if I have to like pull on that thread a little bit, like the commonality is writing,
but like the underneath that is like storytelling, like having a perspective and bringing a perspective
to like the medium or the craft, the thing that you're doing, whether that's like the output
is actually writing, whether it's podcasts, whether it's building, and so I'm, that's like
the unifying thing between all of the different parts of the organization.
And something about Wordware, the way it's phrased, just like expresses that really cleanly.
But certainly trying to put people in the role, it's trying to open up, Wordware is certainly
trying to open up the idea that everybody is a maker, and that you should, like it's
still really frustrating to me that, and I'm sure you bump into this a lot, like nobody's
really using, nobody is using cursor and wind surf, and replicate agents, and all, and
clawed for code, and all of these things, like I had a random look at during lunch today,
I made an app, like I had 15 minutes, and I was like, somebody had tweeted out a couple
of days ago, the right way to structure, O1 prompts, and I was like, you probably saw
this tweet, right?
Seems great.
So I took a whole article on that, and I just shoved it into a replete agent, and I was
like, here's your PRD, make me an app, so that I can just right here, and then pitch the
clawed to giving back an expanded product, took 15 minutes, it was like while I was waiting
for my next call, and like that's nothing that would even pass through my head a year
ago.
That's a thing, writing is building, but software is now content, so one of the really
cool things is when we just launched this app called Cora, and that has 10,000 people
on the wait list, those are all now every subscribers, like you can't write an article
that's going to get you 10,000 subscribers, but you can write software that does it,
and that's like, that's incredible, but yeah, I interrupt you, I don't worry about that.
So anyway, I think the vast majority of people just simply if you sit down and show them
replete agents, which is a great brilliant product, McKellys, amazing.
I've never used it, actually.
I used replete a lot, like a year ago-ish, but I have now used their new agent stuff,
how do you compare it to a cursor composer or a windsurf?
I think it's in the same category, these are direct competitors.
I would put, you know, almost if you put a spectrum on coding agents, and we're going
to come back to Wordware, because this will link back in, but I can keep these all in my head.
If you put a spectrum on all the coding agents today, the spectrum I would put on them is
basically like how long are they allowed to work before they ask for feedback.
And so if we're starting at the low end, you have like Microsoft Copilot, which is trying
to finish one line of code, and on the other end of the spectrum, you have Devon, which
is trying to run away for four hours.
That's a great spectrum.
And I actually think when I talk to people today, when we're going through product sessions
and I'm working with teams about this, on whatever they're trying to innovate on, that's
the spectrum I first start from, which is like, hey, for whatever probably you're trying
to solve, let's try and think about what is the reasoning of our current SOTA models.
Let's think about how long do you think you can leave them?
How good are your e-vals internally?
Because if you can evaluate longer and better, and how good the code base is, you can
let it work for longer.
So how good are your e-vals internally?
And then let's set a mark.
Are you letting this thing go for an hour, four hours, three days, one sentence, 16 seconds,
based on whatever you're trying to solve?
And that's a really interesting new heuristic.
I found a couple of different product innovations from startups I'm working with come out of,
literally just that thought exercise.
And so I would say the interesting thing about Replit is it generally works far less than
Devon, which I think we found Devon, for most people they find Devon to be like, it breaks
a lot.
It's a little slow.
It will be an amazing product over time.
They've made a long bet.
But right now, they probably set the mark a little bit too long on how they let each
to go.
I find for me, Replit agents, even though the models probably aren't as smart and so
and so forth, the kind of like time variants they give before they come back and ask questions
is like a little bit longer than Windsorff, a little bit shorter than some others.
They just set the right, Michele, who's the head of AI there, and our president just
did a great job setting a variance.
And really, that sounds simple.
They do a bunch of really other good things about the product they want good right now.
Just literally that, setting the right altitude of reasoning is everything for getting really
good results out of it.
Because they're all using, well, most all of them are using cloud of the back in anyway.
That's all cloud and full disclosure, you know, we're like, it's all cloud, they're great.
We're an investor in Anthropic, love it, build more things on top of the cloud.
So I'm going to loop that back to Wordware.
Yeah, please.
So Wordware is starting from a different orthogonal, which is what do I have to give this thing
for it to be able to understand what I really mean?
And it turns out if you open up, I don't know, Windsorff or if you open up cursor or if you
open up repolate agents, it's a chatbot.
Like it looks like a chat window.
And so what is the normal thing that a person who doesn't talk to chat to PT or cloud all
day long, like you and me do?
They type in one, three sentences, two sentences, which is like plenty, just enough room for
a model to hang itself.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
It's exactly the wrong amount of information to give a model, to go then code and make a bunch
of things.
The thing is like I find with like the Windsorff or Kirchers of the world, like the agent experience,
it will just start without like, I kind of wanted to start in a like, we're going to define
together a little bit more precisely what I actually mean before you could start coding,
but it just wants to write code.
I'm like, I often like at the end of the initial prompt, I'm like, if anything's unclear,
like ask me questions before, which helps, but my other very common prompt there is give
me five ways to solve this.
Oh, interesting.
I, like, I would say every second or third prompt into one of these code agencies, give
me five options so that it doesn't run ahead.
And so as word where like, is it like a Google Docs instead where it's like a, a big, like
empty sheet of space, and then does it like prompt you with how to fill that in?
Like, is there some sort of, um, yeah, they're, it is working on that as a second stage
right now.
Right now, the way it approaches you, I would say the first big trick it does, that's
very simple, is by approaching with a blank doc, um, and maybe, maybe there's a commonality
between descript and word where and granola that I think blanks, blanks, there's something
about a blank page, man, that then I help you fill out.
But, but word where just literally the conceit of, um, please just write down in plain English,
the way that you would maybe write a long email to an engineer on your team, what you
want built.
Let's start with that.
You can already imagine your brain can do all of the things that word where is going
to do over time, which is right now you have to do at symbols to call different functions
and say which inputs and outputs you want.
And honestly, word where, and the founders would say this, it's like a little overly technical
today.
But the thread that you'll, they will pull with their customers over the next couple
of years.
And this is why they're saying so many people use it right now, is that once you have
that blank page filled, it's pretty easy, which, and then learn the syntax of how to use
word where, how to call certain functions, how to fill it out, and how to really build
like a usable product.
And is it like intended for programmers or is it intended for like, pms who are sort
of like, have, you know, they take a coding class in college or is it intended for like,
uh, 18 year old who's never coded before, and it's just like, I want to get, I would
say today's level of functionality is very good for somebody who is just slightly technical.
I don't think you need to have been a coder, but you, it is better if you understand what
an input is, and an output is, and you think an if-then statement's just a little bit,
like that's going to help you an awful lot.
That stuff gets glossed over time, pretty easily.
Coming back to that, um, that spectrum that we were talking about, like the age, agentic
spectrum, um, which it, it sort of reminds me of, you know, those dogs that, like, the
dog leashes that, like, they extend out, and it's like, how much leashes do you have?
How do you find the right setting?
Um, like, are you just trying different things or, um, yeah, how are you when you're working
with people or what are you finding for people when, how do they find that sweet spot?
Oh, uh, isn't that the wonderful journey that we're all on with AI?
Is that changes like every quarter?
Yeah.
Uh, like, I have a company right now that will go nameless because they're about to release
a pretty awesome new thing that actually had an aha moment relatively recently about
this, that they, they've been in AI for a while.
They're doing really well, but they realize like that it, like, it's a short leash product,
and they kind of had the epiphany a month and a half ago, like, oh, these models are
good enough that if we just stitched them slightly differently, what would a longer
leash product version?
And it's like, and it's not, I say just longer leash.
It's not just that it thinks differently.
It's like, oh, that makes different demands of the UI and the UX, like, it just is a different
thing.
It's a whole flow is a different flow and it'll feel like a different product.
So we got to, I mean, if you are, try it out, see if it works.
And then like in three months when a new model comes out, like, try again.
If, yeah, if you aren't reevaluating, how would I destroy my own startup six months
later, every six months right now, during this, like, Cambrian explosion of stuff, like,
that's the way you have to navigate things today.
Have you gotten a three yet?
I do not have a three.
We have somebody on the team who has a three.
What is, what do they say?
What are the early, early signs if not, that is not, that is not, that is not, that
is not a conversation we're having.
Okay.
That's not my, that's not my place.
I have to try.
Okay.
And then, and I know you're playing around with, so you're, you're doing a lot of working
with these sort of like coding agents and, and, and thinking a lot about agentic workflows.
Like, what also are you learning, or what else are you excited about in, in that whole space?
Well, the first thing that I've noticed in my own behavior over the last six months,
and this is definitely how you're running every, is like, because we can code so quickly
and make so quickly, we just make so much more.
Yeah.
I am simultaneously working harder on Spark than I've ever worked.
And also, I'm building a card game with my kids.
I'm also opening a board game library with a handful of friends.
Wow.
Like, it's not just code.
Like, like, I'm opening a freaking retail space.
We'll see if that works at all.
That's annoying.
For, for board games?
For the board game.
Yeah, for board games.
For private library.
It's a, it's called tabletop library.
It's a private library for people who would play board games together.
Where is it?
Berkeley?
Of course it is.
It's actually, it's on a block in Berkeley.
The other things on the block are a science fiction and fantasy bookstore and a comic bookstore.
It's like the nerdiest block in America.
That's the best.
Do you live in Berkeley?
I live in Berkeley.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, like, that's a good example of, like, there's no way that I have enough available
time.
Yeah.
And, uh, and the other people involved in the product are all startup people.
Like, there's no way any of us have available time to ever do this before AI.
And so, like, that's a strange thing because it's not like an AI project.
Yeah.
What part of it is AI making more efficient for you?
Literally, every single thing from the beginning, from the more boring bits that are like,
oh, we just got a lease draft in on retail.
I've never looked at this.
I'm going to drop it and chat GPT and ask questions.
That's the normal stuff.
Are you, are you, you're going to chat GPT for that?
Are you going to O1?
Are you doing cloud?
Like, what's your, who's your, who's your legal advisor right now?
Legal advisor would be O1.
Okay.
Not O1 pro.
Not.
No one pro.
Okay.
Legal advisor O1 pro.
Yeah.
I mean, come on.
It's a real contract.
Yeah.
Uh, most everything else where I actually care about the output in terms of its language,
the way it speaks to me, uh, things I might reuse.
That's all cloud.
Everything's cloud.
All coding's also cloud.
Um, but so that's the obvious one is just like, please analyze a contract.
But like, I'll give you example, like, oh, I make it show you the code.
Like over Christmas break, we started to get square, like, a floor plan back of the
space.
And so like, I fed the floor plan into cloud, started coding.
That turned into a windsurf project, which turned into an actual, like, demand model
to try and, uh, project how many members we would have in the space before we maxed
out demand, which then boiled into like, oh, well, we have six to eight personas for
different types of people that come at different times, and that turned into a price sensitivity
test.
These are all Python apps now, like, this is all a model that then I can go fix and change
and rerun and like, that would have never, I mean, you could have done that before, but
you would have had to like hire people and think about it and like, or you just had to
spend your own time like, you know, hours and hours and hours and hours and hours.
And now you can just be like, I want to see what's the sensitivity analysis and you're
like, oh, here it is.
Yeah.
That's the best.
One thing project, just a rat hole on board game clubs is like, we went through a process
when we then talked to all of the, like, SaaS companies that exist out there, like vertical
SaaS companies that exist out there that help you, you know, run a membership club, run
a co-working space, you know, there's that kind of thing, like, and all of them after evaluating
them, they do what all SaaS software does, which is kind of good.
They're not ever perfect for me, so and so forth.
About halfway through, we realized, like, I don't know, the four of us could just build
this ourselves.
And so we were building all the customer books off there for running the space.
And so now you can do things like make a voice phone call and say, hey, I want to play
arcs with three friends Wednesday at 3 p.m., it checks an air table, agentically booked the
thing, writes it in the table, like all of it.
It's just all bespoke.
What does this do in your mind to, like, funding models for software businesses, now that
software is so much cheaper to make?
I mean, I don't know.
I think the precise amount of people that should work at any company is eight.
We're just past that, so.
But I think around where we are, I love it, it's so much fun.
And by the, I've been an operator and founder everywhere from, you know, one to 100, it's
like, you know, and like it's, there's something incredibly magical about that, you know,
one pizza stage.
And that's where it feels like a team.
That's where it feels like a literally just one cohesive pod team.
And so I don't know.
I think the challenge is how much can we use AI to solve all of the things that are really
just faster, horses, problems?
You know, I have this story that stuck in my head for many years.
It's a polish year, the designer.
She has a story we should talk about the different things, art and craft and how, and she's a very
famous graphic designer, logo designer, back in the day, she did some really famous record
covers in the 70s, and you fast forward and she did like Shake Shack logo and stuff like
that.
So just like legendary logo designer, she used to talk about back in the day, someone
would come in with an album cover and they'd be like, oh, it's a new, let's have an album,
we need a cover for it, blah, blah, blah.
And then she talked about what it would take to get that done.
And you know, back then, this is obviously pre-Adobe, pre-photo shop.
And she's like, there's a person that's spent a whole week just on the lettering, just
like literally hand drawing every single letter on this cover.
There's 20 people working on that project.
And she's like, listen, the truth is that only one to two of those was actually, they
were all quote-unquote artists and they all quote-unquote went through art school.
All that's craft.
There's really only one person making artistic decisions and making the core decisions.
Everybody else is just execution.
And the execution goes away when the craft is not covered by software.
That's already happened.
Now I open up Illustrator and I pick from fonts and maybe I tweak a font or I custom a font,
but it like it all happens in a day or two.
And instead I get faster iteration cycles where we then work on this to make it better.
If you fast forward today, it's the same thing in a company level.
Like if I'm at 16 people, you have to ask yourself, or 20 or 200, you have to ask yourself
like how many of those people are actually making the core decisions of that company and
how much of them are involved in just literally whittling the wood?
Yeah.
That's sort of where we are internally is like everyone at every is like a generalist who
is multi-dimensional, many of them are technical.
And we have like, we have three products that we run internally aside from the media product.
There's that whole other thing where we're writing some of the best stuff in the industry that
you should all subscribe to, but also that's, that was not a paid promotion.
And each one of those has a GM.
And the GM is doing everything from writing the code, like writing the release notes to
like whatever that we have some, we have our creative lead who does all the design for
everybody.
And then we have writers who will go in and do some reporting on like what are we releasing
this week and then write that up in our in context when to which is our Sunday newsletter.
And then we have a bunch of writers.
But it's interesting like it feels like it feels very cohesive, but everybody has their
like little domain or their little universe where they're responsible for a lot of things.
Instead of like one person who just their job is just like to tweak this like one knob basically.
And I really love working with with those kinds of like multi-dimensional people.
And it's it's quite common, I think for like early stage startups to like have a bunch
of generalists and you replace them with specialists and whatever.
But I think it's quite uncommon.
I think A will be able to get further than we would have before with the sort of like
generalist vibe, but it's also quite uncommon for a really early stage company to like be
able to have three products and a media product that it can do like I think we can do them
at a high level.
And that's like totally new and it and and it allows us to like and it's driven by generalists
who have these like special power tools that can like do all of the like execution work
so that they just need to know what to do and then they can get it done really quick.
Like we've done like I think three feature like real releases for chorus so far this
week.
And like that's one one guy here and he's super talented.
It's one guy and oh one pro to be clear.
It's also this mini dot billion dollar model doing a thing in the background.
But yeah, I just it's I think there's a there's something new happening where those kinds
of like eight person one pizza companies can and do you always use a long pro by the way
is that your go to well, it's interesting I so I use oh one oh one is like my go to
model I rarely use cloud anymore, which is really interesting because I was a big cloud
guy for like a long time.
Actually the place where I use cloud the most frequently is actually not in cloud itself
it's in Lex which is the AI writing up to incubated and that that default model is cloud.
So I do use it a bit but I'm mostly I'm mostly oh one I use oh one pro a little bit like
I am I do this exercise every year where I like reflect on things that I've learned
and like I set goals and like do all that stuff right yeah, it's really cool because
I've been doing it for five years and I can just like go back it's like right before
I started every is when I started doing it so I can just go back and just like look
through each year and there's so much like juicy stuff in there.
So I just like took that and I put it in I put it in cloud I put it in oh one and I put
it in oh one pro and oh one pro is definitely the best like I I cried I cried a little
yeah because especially like the like oh one and oh one pro because they can do the kind
of like chain of thought and they can like retrace their steps or whatever they're much
better at following a progression and like seeing and like seeing how something changes
and like playing together in narrative that they find that's right and clouds a little
just a little more like because it's just like it just sang what it sees like it's just
it's less good at that yeah deeper deeper reasoning that's what it should be at it's it's
got a whole bunch of without going through the whole oh one structure like that's just
literally what it's programmed to do it's nothing else I'm gonna do that more so of course
it does that more it's not like magic yeah but I haven't I you know like some of some
of the people that that work at every that are doing more coding than I am like they're
definitely like just they can just one shot a file and it like it will fix all the bugs
and it's like it's crazy you know I've had that a little bit like I I'm doing some some
like apps that are I wouldn't they're like they're light incubations like maybe they'll
be coming they can every product or maybe not and yeah I get like one of those a week yeah
yeah we have we have actually for a while we don't have one right now but for a while we had
a AI hacker and residents at spark for the same reason that that you guys have people like that
which is just like because the number of particular things that you just want to take like a quick
one shot is like more than I have available time in the day exactly so like please can we play
with whatever's new build things out half of them will get thrown away but you got to be playing yeah
and so like sometimes like I'll build something with o1 or with cloud or whatever and like this
the particular example I'm thinking give it like had some it had some like more complex stats that
it was doing that I like I'm not like a big stats guy so like I was just like I think this looks
right but I don't know and I just put it into o1 pro and I was like check the work here and I just
trust that if o1 pro says it's okay that it's it's because there's a trust problem right it's
like it's the same thing for like a manager when like a human manager is managing someone to do
work that they don't know how to do themselves it's why technical managers have a much easier time
managing engineers and what's really interesting about about AI right now is I can really cheaply
manage an intelligence to do a lot of things that I'm not qualified to do and there's a question of
like how do I know if it's right and that's a really that's a really interesting question to figure
out but that's trust based on like have you ever tried have you ever found a set of prompts that are
good at asking the model whether it thinks its previous work was good and getting a good response
out of that because obviously if you say hey are you sure that that tilts the model towards not
being sure so to almost always come back like no now that I've rethought it and it gives you almost
like the wrong answer yeah that is interesting I mean I'm mostly I'm like I do say are you sure
so maybe I shouldn't do that or like I will take it and put into another model and I'll just be like
like do you see any problems with this this is what I'm trying to accomplish like are there any
issues in this code basically or in this the way this is set up do you have anything like that
I have trended towards asking for confidence intervals and pluses and minuses like how confident
are you in your answer give me a reason why you could be right and give me a reason why you could
be wrong again kind of chain of thoughty which is and that usually gives me enough information
which is again proxying back to human behavior if you don't understand something get somebody to
explain their logic around it a little bit more and you can kind of try to figure out whether they
made an error or not is this for code or like what for what kind of problems literally everything
like whenever I'm unsure about a response back because you're talking about trust and one way of
talking about it is you know use a model you have more trust in but we're always going to be
wandering into weird territories and so you kind of have to develop some techniques for trying to
figure out what they're right about that's interesting because the reason I ask is one of the things
I found with cloud like what if you ask it for editing feedback and you're like can you grade this
it pretty much always gives you like a b plus a minus no matter what that's right it does um
and then even if you only change a little bit I'll give you like oh now it's an a or whatever that's
right and that if you give it a rubric like it still does the a minus thing and so I think oh one's
a bit better at that um but yeah I haven't I haven't yet had a lot of success with like
getting accurate confidence in the rules so I find that it's right it's better it's very bad at
grading its own work that way how how good was this writing subjective reads um objective logic
I see it's quite good at yeah yeah yeah so hey you just answered a question about um the history of
startups and that I like how correct were you about that first give me your reasoning and then
afterwards give me give me a confidence interval um usually in that order and it's quite good at
that um for yeah but again like all these models it's like trying to figure out what they're good
and they're bad at I find if I care about the answer being like specific then maybe oh one is
better right now because it basically because it's doing reflection thinking about it longer so
like great think about it longer awesome you saved me five more chats to get you to think about
along to get the right answer sure shortcut um if I actually care about the words that are being used
like I might reuse those words or I'm literally trying to brainstorm how to talk about something
or storytell something a clot is still so much better at it yeah I think I think I think you're right
I guess I don't really but you might not be using it that way right now right I do I so I'm
using when I use Claude uh it's in Lex and I do use it to sort of like I'll often like I'll be
writing something and I'll have it like sort of complete Lex does like the it's it's sort of
copiality so it'll complete like maybe three more sentences or whatever and I find that to be helpful
um but I think oh one is getting better at writing um like if you give it a big enough sample
it'll be it'll be much better than I think it used to be somehow I don't know it's I know it
I know that that doesn't make any sense but like that's my experience
are you sure that's not just a skill issue you've gotten better at feeding it still
um but I know you I know you you probably used I know you saw the like oh one like had a prompt oh
one article you you mentioned or that was going around how do you have any specific like things
you've learned about oh one pro that has have gotten you better results no I'm just a student there
honestly like I like I I will say well actually I'll put it this way uh I read the tweets about
how to use well oh one and I read the guides on how to use oh one it was like basically give it
more context it's not a chat model is that's still like just yeah that's just just give it more
context and tell it what you want give it an example what you want you're whatever yeah
yeah yeah yeah and and you know for anybody who plays with these things every single day and
is really out on the edge like I was already starting to that anyway so mostly it was like a head
knob like yeah I should probably do that more you're right um more than it was some kind of like
big epiphany or some unlock I'll let you know if I get an unlock on on no one pro
any other like uh startups or products or like researchy type advances that you're like thinking
about or interested in right now the the areas that I really think about right now and we'll go
back to this earlier you you I'll give you an example directly from earlier you you have you do
every year like annual review yeah thing yeah is it the same like five questions or 10 questions
or something like that do you ask yourself or is it just more an exploratory conversation um the
format is I will do um uh goals right like I'll do I'll do some like value exploration of like
what do I want to like uh move toward in my life like what is important to me and then I'll also
do like a bunch of uh uh like what are the things that I learned about myself or about the world
or or whatever um and so it's not necessarily like a pre-prescribed set of questions but it is a
sort of prescribed output format and then I'll like use a bunch of different questions in a bunch
of different ways to get to those answers yep so like it's quite possible that existing out there
in the world is a best practices for how to do your annual review and it's quite possible that
there's no one answer there would be one that's better for you than somebody else but there's
probably people that have really really thought about this and the reason one of the reasons the
coding models work as well as they do is because we actually have lots of books about best practices
in coding we have we have popped up one altitude and we don't just have a bunch of samples of code
that get fed into a model we actually have a bunch of examples of PRDs and descriptions and documents
that describe how to do coding well and how to make this thing well and then the output afterwards
and I am looking for markets where either a company or or somehow we have that and so like it is
one thing for instance to build the AI therapist it's another thing for me to start an exploration
into altitude one level above that where I get to figure out what the right therapist is for me with
what like area of knowledge that I want to bring to bear for this journey and there's very little
that operates at that altitude most of them try to get to solution really really fast and let you
like wander very very low in the altitude you know the same as just starting to give you code without
saying to go back to the wordbury example like why don't you write down all the things you want here
yeah and then we'll get started interesting well there's a I mean like let's take therapy for
example like there's a lot of like books about how to do therapy how to be a bear of course
is that an example of the kind of yes that it fueled your interest that's why I picked it okay
like I picked it because there are is an incredible amount of academic literature and other literature
about ways to do therapy that are more effective and not effective and so and so forth now that has
to be translated into model language and so and so forth I'll tell you another area that's actually
quite hard what makes a game fun like if I pick up and in fact there's there's no they call
ludology there's no great ludology that would explain super Mario brothers on a spreadsheet like I
can't look at super Mario brothers and we don't have a language for even describing how you
would get to fun there yeah I think that that touches on some of the like some of the stuff we've
talked about in previous conversations about like okay so for for therapy like one of the problems
is that there's there's no one answer to that because the thing that like makes therapy effective
is the therapy therapeutic alliance yeah it's like is like do you like your therapist that they like
you like is there a fit right yeah the form in the context is a fit you think it's literally
just personality fit I don't I you could bring any theory of therapy to practice but if we if we
vibe we're good what I yes what I think is that really skilled clinicians can can reduce some part
of their skill to rules and and and ways that they make decisions but actually like what's going
on is like totally sub symbolic and it's it's totally intuitive and and the way that a non-skilled
clinician would apply that rule is very different from the way that actual skilled one will apply it
and so the the way to like for example to create a model that does really get therapy
is I think to some degree like the methodology or whatever can be helpful but it's really to capture
all of the nuances of a lot of really high quality interactions and then have the model learn all
the like little sub symbolic rules that no one can really talk about to apply in the appropriate
contexts it's very contextual and it's it's there's no there's no answer to that to those questions
of like what should you do in in this situation that is like that can be made explicit it's like
it's thousands and thousands of different answers that you apply at the right moment which is
exactly what AI models are really good at and exactly what was previously incredibly hard to transfer
between humans and that's why we're we love like rules and logic and like scientific explanations
and all that kind of stuff okay so we so we kind of agree there but let me disagree a little bit
please disagree so yeah you're pulling on a thread that that that we've talked about before
and I actually do agree with which is like there's this incredible opportunity by capturing enough
knowledge that the model itself will understand things about the world that we can't understand
like the only way we pass down science and the way science works is because I found a way to verbalize
the things so I could tell you about it and then you can go do the thing again and so there
are just going to be a new set of things that we still don't have the words for and it's awesome
there's new knowledge it's being created even if we can't describe it awesome love that
um I think that's quite different than the point I'm trying to make I think the point that I'm
trying to make is there are times where the user's choice about the knowledge that they want to
navigate or use themselves has value and so a good example of this is just thinking about the key
words that we use sometimes when we're trying to tell a model to go somewhere can you please rewrite
this essay in the style of Paul Graham like we're using a keyword to try to normalize to a bunch of
behaviors and to try to give it an indication but where is the Wikipedia of all of the APIs that
exist in the world and all of the like chains of thought that exist in the world so that I can
navigate and look at that library myself I don't necessarily trust Chatsy BT to pick the right
modality of therapy or whatever it is just as much as I don't really trust them to like pick the
restaurant for me I want to talk about the theory of why I what kind of restaurant I want and
similarly like there's millions of things in the world where there's like there's like a set of
five different ways you could go do the task and certainly sometimes it's like just pick whatever
but many many times incorporating that into a flow where me as a user now has control just tell
me what tell me not tell me the five different best practices for how this could be done and let me
pick that versus your you know weirdly amalgamated you know LLM version of best practices all
merged together yeah you want to be able to like allow like me you can't make the entire terrain
of possibilities explicit because it's going to be too big basically but you do want to make I think
what you're saying is like rather than have the LLM like zoom right into a specific answer I'm
supposed to give you the answer like yeah get better at making some of the implicit stuff
explicit so you can like you can explore within reason and then dive dive a little bit more deeply
yeah I'll give you a really a really a simple side project you said yeah great but I think it was
actually like real startup archery a business opportunity here but like my mental side project was
the first thing I ever built in wordwear was a startup advice like it was like a I don't know
was it like a startup investment or so basically a little web page you go to that you say this is
the startup decision I'm trying to make right now it just says like what decision you're trying to
make what in your gut do you think it should be and then hit go and then instead of just doing the
chat you be T thing which is just like I'm just going to split out an answer I fed it very simply
like a bunch of PDFs of like HBS articles and like a bunch of other stuff which is basically
decision theory like what are the 20 to 30 best practice decision theory SWAT analysis blah blah blah
and so the first order of business it does is actually just trying to figure out three or four
decision theories that you could use to come to decision make a recommendation on those and then
walk you through the steps that those things do to get you to the answer it's that it's like pop up
one altitude help me learn from the things other people have used a structure whatever discipline
they have been working on for 100 or 200 300 years I love that that's really interesting what
what it what it makes me think of it actually brings me back to the the agent to continue me
were talking about it's like how much of a leash it's exactly the same thing where I was thinking
it's like it's it's maybe a related continuum which is like how like do you want it to have like a
microscope like go right in or do you want to like look through binoculars or do you want to look
through like panoramic like theater you know glasses or whatever you know and you need both you
need to get those both those dimensions dialed in and right now like the models are like only doing
the microscope thing they're only zooming in right away for you unless you ask it specifically
don't do that like give me start with the like you know decision theories or whatever
but yeah I love that I think that's really cool are people working on that I come across it very
rarely okay I would love to if you're if you're thinking that way let's jam great
cool well that's actually a really good place to start to wrap it up if if people are
looking to jam with you on on any of these ideas where can they find you
you can email me and to be able to spark capital you I'm on the web it's not hard to get to
you great thanks so much for coming this is awesome yeah and thanks so much for doing what you're
doing we need more multimodal media companies in the world I appreciate that
oh my gosh folks you absolutely positively have to smash that like button and subscribe to AI
and I why because this show is the epitome of awesomeness it's like finding a treasure chest in your
backyard but instead of gold it's filled with pure unadulterated knowledge bombs about chat GPT
every episode is a roller coaster of emotions insights and laughter that will leave you on the
edge of your seat craving for more it's not just a show it's a journey into the future with
Dan Shipper as the captain of the spaceship so do yourself a favor hit like smash subscribe
and strap in for the ride of your life and now without any further ado let me just say Dan
I'm absolutely hopelessly in love with you